feat: Traditional mode (#799)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/traditional-mode.md

`db_update_frequency` seconds later (though it could happen sooner).

This makes {{site.base_gateway}} clusters **eventually consistent**.

## Using read-only replicas when deploying {{site.base_gateway}} clusters with PostgresSQL

When using Postgres as the backend storage, you can optionally enable
{{site.base_gateway}} to serve read queries from a separate database instance.

Enabling the read-only connection support in {{site.base_gateway}}
greatly reduces the load on the main database instance since read-only
queries are no longer sent to it.

To learn more about how to configure this feature, refer to the
[Datastore section](/gateway/configuration/#datastore-section)
of the {{site.base_gateway}} configuration reference.

## What information is cached?

For performance reasons, {{site.base_gateway}} avoids database connections when proxying
requests, and caches the contents of your database in memory. The following entities are cached:

* [Gateway Services](/gateway/entities/service/)
* [Routes](/gateway/entities/route/)
* [Consumers](/gateway/entities/consumer/)
* [Plugins](/gateway/entities/plugin/)
* Credentials, and so on 

> Since these values are in memory, any change made via the [Admin API](/api/gateway/admin-ee/#/operations/) of one of the nodes must be propagated to the other nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since these values are stored in memory, any change made via the [Admin API](/api/gateway/admin-ee/#/operations/) of one of the nodes must be propagated to the other nodes.
```

Additionally, {{site.base_gateway}} also caches **database misses**. This means that if you
configure a Service with no plugin, {{site.base_gateway}} will cache this information. 

All CRUD operations trigger cache invalidations. Creation
(`POST`, `PUT`) will invalidate cached database misses, and update/deletion
(`PATCH`, `DELETE`) will invalidate cached database hits.

## Configure database caching

> You can configure three properties in the {{site.base_gateway}} configuration file, the most
> important one being `db_update_frequency`, which determine where your {{site.base_gateway}}
> nodes stand on the performance versus consistency trade-off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using parameters in `kong.conf`, you can configure where {{site.base_gateway}} nodes stand on the performance versus consistency trade-off.
```
I don't know that you need the "most important" statement when there's really only three of them, and readers can see all the details.

{{site.base_gateway}} comes with default values tuned for consistency so that you can
experiment with its clustering capabilities while avoiding surprises. As you
prepare a production setup, you should consider tuning those values to ensure
that your performance constraints are respected.

<!--vale off-->
{% kong_config_table %}
config:
  - name: db_update_frequency
  - name: db_update_propagation
  - name: db_cache_ttl
{% endkong_config_table %}
<!--vale on-->

## Interacting with the cache via the Admin API

If you want to investigate the cached values, or manually
invalidate a value cached by {{site.base_gateway}} (a cached hit or miss), you can do so via the
Admin API `/cache` endpoint.

> {:.info}
> > **Note**: Retrieving the `cache_key` for each entity being cached by {{site.base_gateway}} is
> currently an undocumented process. Future versions of the Admin API will make
> this process easier.

Reviewer: This may be true, but it is odd. We should ask the gateway team how to find a cache key, I don't think we should have a note in the docs that say "we haven't documented this yet".
```suggestion
```

Author: Sounds good! I felt like it was odd too. Send a question about it in ask-gateway
